Update README.md (#894)
cloudamqp/lavinmq: README.md

Messages are only deleted when `max-length`, `max-length-bytes` or `max-age` are applied, either as queue arguments or as policies. The limits are checked only when new messages are published to the queue, and only act on whole segments (which by default are 8MiB), so the limits aren't necessarily exact. So even if a `max-age` limit is set, but no messages are published to the queue, messages might still be available in the stream queue that is way older that the limit specified.

## License

The software is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](LICENSE).

Copyright 2018-2024 84codes AB

LavinMQ is a trademark of 84codes AB

## Contact Us

> Do you want to learn more? [Talk with our product experts](https://webforms.pipedrive.com/f/c5ap34s5NE0YPfuGNzVjiOhY6CBzwryS4ePh6HBMAsFQ6cd47UdPQpL0ezi1toy4X9).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you want to learn more? [Talk with our product experts](https://www.lavinmq.com/contact).
```
